Title: Nothing is ever good as new......
Comment: Everything bout this product so far seems to be good for a re-furbished product...the only thing i did notice is the lens were not replaced and the only way i know this is reviews on you tube talkingbout the refurbished meta 2s didnt have the lens replaced just cleaned and if you look you will notice the scratched and bluriness......a female friend of mine has a brand new meta 2 and looking thru hers is crystal clear where as mine is a bit blurry and foggy and requires a bit of adjusting everytime putting on........so i have to say if able buy new if not refurbished aint that bad.Read full review...

Title: Battery life bad, but manageable
Comment: The battery life of it is much lower compared to that of a normal quest 2. My battery life once I set up my quest 2 after fully charging it on arrival. Once I started using it, the battery would run out within 90 minutes. The normal battery life for a quest 2 is 2-3 hours for reference. It's manageable because I already had plans to spend an extra 100$ on a better headset strap which included a battery pack but if anyone is not planning to spend that much extra money, I would go for a new version rather than a refurbished version.Read full review...

Title: The packaging was great
Comment: I have to say, I absolutely loved this product! It was fantastic in every way and exceeded all of my expectations. The quality was top-notch and the features were incredibly useful. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a reliable and effective solution. Overall, I think it's safe to say that this is a great product that truly delivers on its promises.Read full review...

Title: Better in many but not all over the Quest 1
Comment: The resolution is a nice improvement over the original Quest.  The way the headset fits is not as nice as the original Quest.  The adjustment for the interpupillary distance is poor and only allows for notches and not a continual adjustment and the headset must be taken off to do the adjustment.  It was much nicer on the original Quest.  The Quest 2 is faster than the original and tracks better.  The quest button on the right handset works better than in the original.  Over all I'm happy with the Quest 2 but a bit sad that in some features they did not keep what was nice in the original.Read full review...

Title: very fun   !   finaly a VR that is compact and wireless
Comment: very fun   !   finaly a VR that is compact and wireless  beats the PS one easyocculus had a few tech problems at first  but they fixed them in this new version perfectly    the only negitiveis the relatively short battery time [2hours] but that may be a good thing to keep one from getting lost in VR world ..... also makes teens take a break  [ note NOT FOR PEOPLE UNER 11 YEARS OF AGE   ,wont fit and not good for early development... little kids play sports outside !occulus offers a few free games on its web sitei hear they are flying off the shelfsRead full review...

Title: Perfect!
Comment: Came perfectly packaged in its original box and packaging! Honestly looked completely brand new besides the yellowing on the wrist straps which I don’t really mind. Very great! Me and my family are having a blast playing around with it!Read full review...

Title: Refurbished Oculus review.
Comment: I had never used an Oculus before. It is definitely an immersive experience. I will say that after having shopped around for one online for several months, this was the best value that I found. The refurbishing job was amazing. It looked brand new when I took it out of the box.Read full review...

Title: Buy it!!!
Comment: My 8 year old grandson LOVES his Oculus Quest 2.  He plays Beat Saber and loves all the options, and customizations.  He was wary about 3D, but he loves this.  Under supervision I recommend this for kids.  Beat Saber is a great tool for learning coordination and having a game that has no violence or cursing (unless you choose the wrong song packs!!!).  Highly recommend.The only thing to be aware of is that it is heavy on your head.  My wife gets headaches using it.  You cannot wear glasses with it.  Batteries power the handheld devices, watch YouTube if you don't get a manual for instructions.Read full review...

Title: Works Great!
Comment: Great product! Works great, looks brand new. The packaging smells good too which was a nice surprise.

Title: Need more refurbished
Comment: This oculus is practically brand-new it was in original box as I have another one I bought this for my son. Can’t tell anything that it is a refurbished product. Very happy playing lots of games withmy son.Read full review...

Title: Overall great VR set but the fit can ruin the experience if its not on correctly
Comment: So, the overall experience is great! We love our Oculus Quest 2! However, there is a downside. If the headset is not fit perfectly, the graphics do get blurry. The headset isn't the most comfortable,but it's not bad. If you are a sweater like me, then you will have to take it off multiple times throughout your game play time to clean it because sweating ruins the fit of the headset and causes the blurred vision.Read full review...

Title: Super high tech, great value and fun....
Comment: Absolutely excellent VR headset, and superb value. I'm blown away by the technology...so cool. I purchased Beat Saber,,,,,WOW!..addictive, fun and good exercise. I've only had this for a week, there is so much to explore. You wont believe the virtual hands with which buttons can be pressed, items can be picked up and thrown, truly amazing. highly recommend!!Read full review...

Title: Gonna take a long time to even scratch the surface to what all I can do with this.
Comment: Lots of fun. I thought this was mainly for the younger generation, however I found I can do so much with this. One of my favorite things is, I can see the world, like I am right there, without ever having to leave home. This thing does much more than that like watching movies on a big theater screen or playing sports like you are really there.Read full review...

Title: Neat little headset
Comment: I'm coming as someone who used Windows Mixed Reality exclusively prior to purchase. This headset and a good network, or a nice long USB C cord absolutely supplants the Windows Mixed Reality setup. Cordless is absolutely brilliant. Streaming games from your PC is nearly flawless. The boundary system that is setup is amazing. They blend virtual reality and reality into a kind of alternate reality that lets you see where you are as if you didn't even have the headset on and still you can see the boundaries in the headset.Read full review...

Title: A bit overpriced considering you still have to buy the games to play it, but still a lot of fun!
Comment: Love the immersion. It does make travel a bit nauseating until you get used to it, but once you do it's kind of detracted by the non-realistic blocky images in many of the programs. It just seems likethe programs could be a bit less "fake"Pro: a large and growing variety of programs and games availablePro: if you create a boundary in one room, and then use it in a different room it remembers the boundary when you go back to the original room. So far it has created and remembered 3 boundaries in my home (so I don't know if there's a limit or not)Con: the original head strap = horrible. It doesn't work on small heads, it's floppy and heavy and causes headaches. So, you have to shell out more $$ to upgrade = double conCon: it should come with lens protectors if the lenses are so delicate that you can only clean them a specific way with specific items.Con: expensive and then you still have to buy the games/programs. Though depending on when you buy it some are included.Con: Battery life isn't terrible, but there is NO notification before it just shuts down right in the middle of game/activity, ugh! :( It should flash a warning or something, but nope, just blip, shutting down.Read full review...

Title: Very good quality
Comment: Pretty much brand new. Very excellent condition. Highly recommend

Title: Works Great
Comment: Everything looks brand new, except the "refurbished" sticker on the box. So far had it for a week and nothing bad is happening. Everything works how it's supposed to.

Title: Oculus Quest 2 VR
Comment: The Oculus Quest 2 is easy to use. A lot to offer in VR. It also fits well and has very good sound.

Title: A worthwhile bundle
Comment: Headset arrived In great shape and is fully functional. The headstrap is a huge upgrade over the stock offering though some of the pieces do feel a bit delicate. And the face gasket is so comfy, though if you wear glasses they might have to be squeezed through. About my only real complaint is that the included bag can't actually fit the headset and strap. But that wasn't a major component of my purchase so I would call it a bonus item.Read full review...

Title: Love it!
Comment: Super fun! I'm really enjoying it. The only negatives I have are that the headset is REALLY heavy, so your head will start to hurt if you have it on too long. Also, the focus is a bit tricky. I triedwearing the headset with the spacer for glasses but it's still too tight on my head so I have to use it without my glasses, which is fine but sometimes things are blurry and I have to adjust it often.Read full review...

Title: So much fun!
Comment: This is a cool VR headset. My kid really loves playing on it. The only thing I wish is that it came with some games on it. Otherwise, it's still fun to play with, and easy enough for a fourteen-year-old to set up. I would definitely recommend this headset to others.Read full review...

Title: Oculus 2 made pre-teen jump for joy
Comment: In the world of keeping up with the Joneses, my kid begged for an Oculus so he could play with his friends. We found this Oculus 2 at a decent price and he’s a happy clam. He loves it. Apparently, there are free games which mom loves that part.Read full review...

Title: Battery life bad, but manageable
Comment: The battery life of it is much lower compared to that of a normal quest 2. My battery life once I set up my quest 2 after fully charging it on arrival. Once I started using it, the battery would run out within 90 minutes. The normal battery life for a quest 2 is 2-3 hours for reference. It's manageable because I already had plans to spend an extra 100$ on a better headset strap which included a battery pack but if anyone is not planning to spend that much extra money, I would go for a new version rather than a refurbished version.Read full review...

Title: Awesome Ref Quest 2
Comment: Great Refurbished Product everything looks brand new VR headset-controllers-power adapter-original box etc etc

Title: Like new
Comment: Product was practically brand new and is working great!  If I need to purchase another I would get it here.

Title: I may have to purchase another
Comment: I love the experience with this product. It took me some time to get use to it . I've had it for two weeks so I'm still learning but between myself  and my Millennial gamer son I realize that I have to purchase another one.Read full review...

Title: Works as it should
Comment: My grandson loves the oculus vr. He could not wait to receive it and when he got it, he was so excited. It is a great product and their was no problems.

Title: Great buy!!
Comment: The only reason you can even tell it was used was because the batteries in the remotes were low. It is good quality and comfortable.

Title: Perfect alternative
Comment: There are games and other activities for all ages.  Some game have too many you get kids but there are other social activities (Wander) that allow for mostly respectful adults.  We actually bought a second headset.  Watching movies is next level without having to leave the house.  🤙🏼Read full review...

Title: Needed a clean but works great
Comment: At first I thought it was a bust but some of my annoyance was me being stupid, the console works quite well if you don't mind feeding the controllers batteries often, the only real problem I had is the headset came is a disgusting condition with lots of crust and hair stuck to it, still after a bit of cleaning it works like a charm.Read full review...

Title: It was amazing accept
Comment: Forgot the oculus charger also it was locked to your account so I had to factory reset it. But other then that it’s perfect and fun my wife loves it and she’s happy with the purchase!

Title: its wonderful
Comment: it is awesome, so much fun. I love that the system is set s you are always safe and takes you place like for me who can't even walk to far this fantastic.  I cant see anyone not enjoying this system

Title: Oculus worked very well and packing in original box impressed me. Thank you.
Comment: I think from my grandsons use he feels it was a good deal. I really do not  know to much about VR products.

Title: Staying safe while having fun
Comment: This the coolest thing to play with when your as old as I am. It makes you want to move which is also a good thing. With all that is going on in the world right now with this pandemic. This is a greatway to stay in contact with others and stay safe well while your having fun.Read full review...

Title: Awesome Gaming Experience!
Comment: Best Christmas gift!  Gives them a workout while playing video games. Easily can pack up and go. Love that he isn’t sitting in a chair all the time.

Title: VR is dope!
Comment: Been using it for a week and it’s great. Will update this review over the year just in case things start to breakdown due to it being a refurbished unit. But now so far so good.

Title: I really liked it, for now it's okay it ...
Comment: I really liked it, for now it's okay it prefect, but it a little dirty, well that what you get for buying used but it great, I had fun and thank you ❤

Title: All I thought it would be...
Comment: Amazing how far they’ve come with technology and making virtual reality so real. If you feel like you have the self control to  separate yourself from virtual reality back to real life I definitely recommend this product.Read full review...

Title: Great product
Comment: The meta quest is so cool. Not just for games but also going places you'll never go in life. Also relaxation  app is amazing

Title: AWESOME!
Comment: I got it for my daughter for Christmas, and she loves it!! She has always wanted one!👍

Title: Oculus Quest 2
Comment: Given as a "family" Christmas gift and they loved!!!  Everyone had a go and it was really fun.  Especially as a spectator, lol!It is a quality product!  Thank you.

Title: great features
Comment: amazing experience

Title: It's good! Cleaned up easily and works p...
Comment: It's good! Cleaned up easily and works perfectly. The pleather/rubber of the face pad held onto some pretty strong smoke smell, but it aired out eventually.

Title: Just needs a manual
Comment: Everything was in perfect condition. I don't know if new ones vibe with an instruction manual or not, but this one did not. It would have been nice to have one, but thankfully we have the Internet tohelp with figuring things out.Read full review...

Title: Great experience, but a little blurry
Comment: It was really like a new product, very good condition, but the lenses are a little bit more blurry then on ther glasses. I don't know why ;(

Title: great birthday gift choice
Comment: We bought this for our daughter's 12th birthday.  She was ecstatic!   She absolutely loves playing games with it.  Even though it's still "gaming", I'm happy because she's up and moving around, getting some exercise while playing.Read full review...

Title: Love it!!!
Comment: I love it. I play golf, go fishing and play poker. Love it so much. Have taken it  to my friends for game night and parties. It's fantastic

Title: One of my favorite things ever
Comment: Got the quest 2 for Xmas just learning about it but this thing is awesome def worth the money you can do anything on this thing actually up to 4 things at once with 4 separate (screens) inside the head set you can have different tasks going at once .... 👍Read full review...

Title: Saved quite a bit over the price of a new one
Comment: It was acting weird at first but found out the charging adapter sent with it was the wrong voltage. Changed the adapter and all is fine now. Easy fix!

Title: Oculus is a Awesome product
Comment: Awesome product is made with the highest technology and is just amazing because when you are playing it feels like you're in side in the video game. So I highly recommend this product if you're a fanof real games.Read full review...

Title: If you're on the fence about getting one then you need to get one lol
Comment: Bought one just to link to my PC for Skyrim and seems I've been enjoyed everything else and yet to even get to Skyrim. Definitely worth getting even as a stand alone unit

Title: Just like the Meta Oculus Quest 2
Comment: This was just what I wanted and expected. It it really great for doing some virtual reality stuff. It works well with AltSpaceVR.

Title: Hopefully it works
Comment: My son likes his Oculus. The only thing is it's not connecting or it's having a hard time setting up

Title: Good game
Comment: I love it! You can definitely forget it's a game sometimes it's a workout without working out

Title: Awesome
Comment: It’s very fun and exploring everything to use for and I really love it lot

Title: Great product.
Comment: My son absolutely loves it. Graphics are great and being able to cast to your TV allows for others to enjoy.

Title: the headset is in very great condition a...
Comment: the headset is in very great condition although the right controller as stick drift but that was kind of expected since it is used but i'll something to fix that

Title: It works beautifully the plastic rap that was on it when boxed the first time was still on it it was unopened it is the best thing I have ever baught
Comment: It works beautifully the plastic rap that was on it when boxed the first time was still on it it was unopened it is the best thing I have ever baught

Title: It’s good. It works. It’s missing the po...
Comment: It’s good. It works. It’s missing the power cord and head strap which I knew about that later not the cord.

Title: Great investment
Comment: I was on the fence about buying this headset mainly cause of the price point but after I finally took the chance n bought one, I was so impressed that I had to buy another for my son

Title: Oculus Quest 2
Comment: Very good product at a very good price.  Wished that I had bought one sooner!!!!!

Title: Decent for price
Comment: Everything worked great. Battery time is a little short and the lenses needed to be cleaned from the inside. Overall good though

Title: Plays well :)
Comment: Works perfectly and runs good as new, I love this item! First time getting one as well.

Title: Oculus quest 2
Comment: We really enjoy all the different thing you can do with the oculus quest 2 from riding roller coaster to the job simulator! The ton of vr content on you tube is also awesome

Title: Mind blowing 🤯
Comment: It is mind blowing how far the meta quest 2 has brought vr while still staying affordable.

Title: Quest Meta
Comment: Quest Meta, Left controller broken, but right side working it's no good as well  I had this for Christmas present, I have to spend $70  for New, I would like have $70 back for broken .

Title: Amazing
Comment: Had the opportunity  to try one my son had purchased. Impressed enough that when I returned  home I purchased one. Very new to me but just amazed what I have done so far.

Title: Would Recommend
Comment: So far so good.  Not complaints no issues.  Came fast and in original package and came with a 2 year warranty

Title: My son loves it
Comment: I can't keep my son off this thing. Once I tried playing, I could see why.

Title: Good deal
Comment: The box came in a timely manner, with all included accessories. Works great. Undamaged.

Title: Nice replacement
Comment: My son loves the replacement head set and he's happy with the item.

Title: Great product
Comment: Good used product. Works great! Son is happy so I am too.

Title: Great inexpensive vr headset
Comment: great vr set. Lots of fun and great for burning calories

Title: The Future is Now
Comment: unbeleiveable product, I had no IDEA these existed. The opportinithy for both game play and exercise is unrviabled.

Title: works fine!
Comment: The product works good like it supposed to, it came with lots of hairs and some candy debris tho, i little clean would of be nice. Besides from that all god

Title: Birthday gift
Comment: Husband is so happy! I think I became a Meta quest widow,lol. We are very pleased with the product

Title: Totally recommend!
Comment: Totally satisfied with the product. It was like a new one. Very happy customer from Azerbaijan! : )

Title: A joy to have !
Comment: I got it ahead of the committed time, was according to specs and description and works well.. I enjoyed playing with it

Title: 3.5 Stars
Comment: I’d give it a 3.5 bcuz the lens were cracked and it turns off out of nowhere but i like it other than that, can’t even the cracks so that’s good. also arrived early🙏🏽

Title: Good value
Comment: Bought the refurbished item and it looked great. Haven't had any problems. Enjoying it.

Title: The Best VR headset
Comment: As good as any VR product out there for prices as high as 6000 or more. They are gimmick VR headsets to get your money

Title: Amazing product
Comment: I really loved the product. It’s been a lot of fun and is cost effective!

Title: Amazing !!!
Comment: I bought it for my daughter and once you get used to using it It’s so much fun and amazing like you’re actually in the game itself .

Title: Love it
Comment: Everything was great it came nicely packaged  was on time. Kids going to love it for Christmas

Title: Great buy on a great offer!
Comment: Bought this for my grandsons' birthday. He was over joyed. It was just what he wanted and it even arrived earlier than projected!

Title: Great condition and works perfectly
Comment: Product was in great shape and works perfectly. It was a gift for my children and they have a blast playing with it.

Title: Great bang for the buck
Comment: been having loads of fun with the headset, and it came quickly, well packaged, as well as being factory reset beforehand so it was a clean slate.

Title: Oculus
Comment: I liked Oculus Quest 2. Everything was in place, including the silicone face pad and helmet cover. I am satisfied with the purchase!

Title: Oculus
Comment: Only let my kid set it up bc it's for Christmas but looked almost new! Set up fine and the kid is excited

Title: Love the Oculus Quest 2!
Comment: I love exercising with the Oculus and supernatural! Makes exercising fun!

Title: It was for my son! I have heard any complaints…..so it must be great!
Comment: It was for my son! I have heard any complaints…..so it must be great!

Title: Great product
Comment: Great product unfortunately it has stuck drift on the left side but I fixed it myself by replacing the joystick and now works amazing 🙏

Title: So far so good. Appears to be working we...
Comment: So far so good. Appears to be working well and was in excellent condition.

Title: Excelent!
Comment: Bought in order to use Supernatural for exercise!  Excelent!!! Highly recommend!!

Title: Great
Comment: We love this product because it’s the same quality other online and cheaperThanks a lot

Title: Works like brand new, no complaints....
Comment: Works like brand new, no complaints.

Title: Oct
Comment: Very nice and enjoyable. My kids love it so does my wife!

Title: Great
Comment: My son loves his Meta Oculus. He’s still learning how to work it but he loves it.

Title: Great product
Comment: Works great and good price

Title: Oculus Quest 2
Comment: Great item.  My granddaughter loves it!  Plays on it all the time.

