Title: One of The Best Stand-Alone VR Headsets
Comment: One of The Best Stand-Alone VR Headsets. Many Many FREE apps available for everyone's preference. This Oculus Go 64 GB has plenty of memory for installed apps & Games. The ease of setting up and simplicity of features make this a one of a kind VR set. I highly recommend this and call it an investment rather than a waste of money. Enjoyment for all agesRead full review...

Title: Good value, but don't get it for the kiddos.
Comment: This is my first VR headset, though not my first experience with VR, so take that into consideration...Lots to do on this thing, but one major flaw--It is tiring to wear. I don't know if it just sticks out too far or is slightly heavier than other VR headsets, but I find my neck and upper back aching after just 15 min. No way you could watch a full-length movie or sit and use it in place of your PC desktop, as some do. Not to mention, it feels like it's messing with my eyesight. Takes a while for my eyes to re-focus after taking it off. (I should mention that I'm over 40, so that's supposedly when your eyesight starts going anyway, right? But I have a feeling that in 5 years or so we're going to start to see studies where people who use VR headsets regularly are more likely to need glasses/contacts.)Don't get me wrong, it's really cool, and has some great apps, games and videos, but the fact that it is now owned by Facebook (and kind of pushes you in that direction) turns me off a little. At this point they've kept most of the functionality, but I don't think the developers are that interested in keeping compatibility with non-social-integrated apps and capabilities. For example, the whole reason I got it was to be able to connect directly with the Vuze XR, but apparently that functionality has been lost somewhere in the update cycle. (Even though the Vuze web site still lists it as a feature.)Also, you don't find out until you read the warnings that it is not recommended for kids under 13 because it will basically mess up their eyesight. I get that, as the lenses have to be set for a certain range of sizes, so they focus on more mature eyes. (And it was a strain on my eyes.) But you'd think they'd have a solution for the little ones. Of course, when you get this really cool gadget, who wants to be the first use it? (And is forever pestering you afterwards.) Just wish they would warn you about that before you order it and it shows up and all your kids are asking to try it out.Hope this helps for the parents out there thinking this will be really cool for the kids.Read full review...

Title: Oculus Go headset is so much fun!!!
Comment: I decided to buy a lightly used headset to try out VR for the first time. Oh wow!  I have parasailed and surfed and went along with many 360 vids. I love it! It’s an escape from the world for awhile.Problem is that I don’t want to stop. I am 54 yrs old and used to work in the computer field. Things have come so far ahead. Buy one! You won’t regret it.Read full review...

Title: Well worth it!!!
Comment: Its works great! Much better than I expected. Very clear. Great sound, even better with headphones but not necessary. Takes a little effort to get use to. Try not to go over say 10-15 minutes at first. And, get a good cleaner. Lenspen is inexpensive and works great, Has a dust brush and a carbon fiber, high tech cleaner all contained in a handy little "Pen".Well worth it!!!Read full review...

Title: Worth the money.
Comment: For what you pay for this is a really good product. The picture very good. And not having wires hanging around or having to use your phone is a real plus for me. Battery life is not long but sufficient for most all movies. I'm having a bit of trouble with my remote but it's simple to fix it when need be. It would be nice if there was a youtube tutorial covering every single step. I went through and could not find one, although there were several that covered different elements. One problem I had was that I already had an Oculus account with my Gear VR. I kept trying to use it to set up my Go, to no avail. When I started a different Oculus account everything went according to a couple of the youtube videos. It was very frustrating and it would have been nice if the instructions or youtube video covered that.  But nevertheless, I recommend this product.Read full review...

Title: VR Go!!!!!!
Comment: First...I quick note: A new portable Oculus is coming for gaming tha60ars to be a LOT more advanced then the Go. With that said...I would be willing to bet that this may end up being discounted in themonths/year to come. COMPLETELY worth it, regardless! Admittedly, the "new car smell" has worn off a bit and I have not used it as much as I did when I initially got it...but 52GB later of download material AND games...and I am hooked. The days I play it...I am on it for a few hours. To the point I have to stop and let it recharge. The best feature is the Hulu/Netflix and Movie viewing. It feels that you have your own personal movie screen. Picture and sound come in excellent. The games... WOW. Hard to believe that one controller allows you to control SO much...but you do! Full 360 rotation with "in your face" moments during some of the games (Face Your Fears....DARE YA!) and experiences. My score is really a 4.5 star as there are some features that seem to give a run-around to get activated (hello Facebook VR??? Why so arduous? Argh!!!) and please be sure that your WiFi is in great response to your system... Other than that...be ready for full immersive fun that is incomprehensive that you needed a $4000 system to enjoy not to long ago. I only hope that Oculus Go continues to provide updates and not abandon we purchasers of this great system and allow us to continue growing with it in it's space it is allowed. GREAT SYSTEM!!!!Read full review...

Title: Not Current Model But Fine At The Time
Comment: It was a Christmas gift for a grandson and worked great last year.  There is a new model now so this one just sits and we are getting him the newer model this year.

Title: Great first headset, educate yourself on the battery life
Comment: Simple and straightforward to use; you will probably want to look into buying an external battery of some kind and a longer USB charging cable, because the battery life without it is only like 2 and ahalf hours, if that. But if you don't mind that it's a really really cool thingRead full review...

Title: Easy to use VR headset for VR and theater movie lovers
Comment: The Oculus Go I purchased was for my son’s birthday and he loved it. The headset is easy to set up and use and takes very little training to get up and running. It’s also very comfortable to wear. I’dhighly recommend it to anyone who loves immersive 360 degree video or watching movies in theaters. I’m really looking forward to finding fun games for me and my son to share.Read full review...

Title: Great entry level VR experience
Comment: Very impressive VR experience. Although not a 6DOF (6 degrees of freedom) type headset for high-end gaming use, it is still a great way to experience VR (mostly through virtual cinematic 3D visual environments). Think of it as an entry-level model for people who don't choose to make the costly leap directly into high-end gaming VR equipment.  The visual effects of the videos shot in the VR180 format are truly impressive (also accessible through the new Youtube VR app). As you swivel (such as sitting in a regular swivel office type chair) you can change your viewing direction within the video just as if you were really there in person. Occasionally I noticed the "home" viewing screen (room?) would become sort of off-center from the direction you would be looking in real-world, but there's a "reset view" button in the settings menu to reset the visual elements of the VR environment to center. I guess that compensates for not having a true "gaming" type VR headset that has the built-in accelerometer stuff to "remember" where front-and-center is.  In summary, it is a great entry-level way to experience VR for the first-time users.Read full review...

Title: A New Experience
Comment: This opens a  whole new entertainment experience.  Being cable free and not tied down enhances the experience. The only con is the screen heating up and the battery time. Both of which are expected with this technology. The system warns you visually if it is hot and also warns of low battery. Hope I am around for the next technical discoveries.Read full review...

Title: lightweight with great features.
Comment: very good quality .the kids loves it.

Title: This was a great buy.
Comment: It came exactly as in the picture, the box, the headset, the remote control all looked brand new. There were no scratches or scuff marks. It even came with the original battery for the remote.

Title: Great introduction to VR!
Comment: The Oculus GO is a great device for media, such as movies, shows and some games. The fact that it is wireless is what makes it a great device to just pick up and play. VR technology will of course improve, and this will become obsolete sooner rather than later. But for $200 it's a good deal for a standalone wireless VR headset.Read full review...

Title: VR for beginners
Comment: My elderly mom mentioned how surprised she was that VR wasn't a "bigger" deal and expressed interest in the experience.  I'm no expert but this stand alone headset was perfect for her to start checking out all that VR has to offer - movies, games, concerts, rollar coasters, meditation, social forums, and much more we haven't even figured out yet.Read full review...

Title: Way faster than expected!
Comment: I got it two days earlier than I figured I was going to. the device itself gets hot and needs to be paused every hour it seems like. Only used once so far but overall first-time experience with own VRheadset is positive.Read full review...

Title: Good but could better.
Comment: Works as well as i expected little heavy on the under eye area.  The only drawback is once set up you have to load programs wifi,  I see no way to down load  from desktop and install, would have beennice if it had a sd card .Read full review...

Title: Just buy it
Comment: Enjoying it so much I have pre-ordered is a quest for February delivery absolutely nothing wrong with this version but it is so much fun and enjoyable to watch movies and the light on that I thought Iwould upgrade for the better screen resolution but for gaming and basically everything else you're going to love it.Read full review...

Title: My first VR!
Comment: My grandsons showed me how to use V.R.! I'm disabled and it allows me to see nee places and play games that makes the hours pass by.

Title: Awesome
Comment: This VR headset is awesome. Super easy to connect and download games. Graphics are friggin great. Super fun to play games, watch videos, and movies. If you are thinking of buying one, do It. You won’tregrets it. Two thumbs way up for this product.Read full review...

Title: A highly
Comment: I have heard very good thing about this product..  The system wants me to hurry up and review.  So, I am rating it very highly based on not much hands-on experience.  I am sure it is great.

Title: Just not for me
Comment: The device works fine. I watched YouTube videos see what apps I can install and half of them find in the Oculus GO app store, others you need a gamepad, and the ones I can install seem to be hard to figure out. Could be me I'm not a gamer, now I never will be.Read full review...

Title: So easy to set up and use
Comment: Works great. So much free vr and 360 video to watch. So easy to use and looks great.

Title: Great Product
Comment: My first experience with VR and I love it. Very nice well kept unit. Once I figured out how to charge it I have never had so much fun.

Title: I got a lemon
Comment: My controller wouldn't pair correctly after many attempts. From reviews I have read, this is a problem that can be solved.  But mine couldn't. Am exchanging for a different one.  Will update my reviewaccordinglyRead full review...

Title: Nice for the price!
Comment: This is an all-in-one VR headset. No phone involved. Battery life is decent. Good graphics and decent sound for the price.

Title: Great and real life like
Comment: This is an awesome product it's like your actually in the game and has great effects

Title: Good buy for the price but...
Comment: Runs hot after 30 or 40 minutes and turns off, to cool down. The free content sucks, anything good you’ll have to pay for. But like I said it runs hot anyway so you won’t get to enjoy much of anything.Read full review...

Title: Excellent Piece of Hardware.
Comment: Just got my package in the mail yesterday. Everything came quickly and just as described. I absolutely love it!

Title: Awesome device
Comment: Not HD but still a cool experience.   It’s new and Oculus seems to be leading the way like Netflix did for home entertainment.

Title: Original owner avitar on oculus
Comment: Don't trust it. It's fully loaded the owner may have hacking skills as his avitar is the face of the oculus and the apps are to good to wipe out.Don't use it except to look at the apps.

Title: Awesome
Comment: Great for gife, easy setup, and a fun intro into vr, definitely recommend!!!!

Title: Fun VR
Comment: Its a lot of fun playing games, traveling, sightseeing or an assortment of activities that comes along with the Oculus. Some free. Some you pay. I would've given it 5 stars but the sharpness or clarity is subpar.Read full review...

Title: Great Gift
Comment: This was a gift for my son and he loves it.

Title: Good but not great
Comment: Pictures are not crystal clear and I can't figure out how to load my images into it.

Title: I Like It!
Comment: This is my first experience with a stand alone VR product.  It is excellent.  However, the images could stand to be a little sharper especially for the movies.  All-in-all I can recommend it for an early entry into the stand alone VR headsets.  I like it.Read full review...

Title: Fabulous product
Comment: Fabulous product with so much entertainment for all ages. Would definitely get another one to n the future.

Title: Great Gift
Comment: Got it for my husband. He loves it.

Title: Spring for the 64 gig model.
Comment: The only drawback is that the Go remote doesn't have 3D motion tracking.

Title: Best VR Experience at a great price!
Comment: This new Virtual Reality headset is light weight and comfortable. This is the best way to enjoy all of my favorite VR experiences. It's also more affordable then some of the other models on the market.Read full review...

Title: A headset that makes you feel you are in a movie theater.
Comment: This product will change your life with movies.

Title: Great product.
Comment: Great product.  All kinds of free and inexpensive software available.  Every home should consider one.

Title: Far too uncomfortable
Comment: It works fine, fun to use and good picture quality but it is so heavy and uncomfortable on your face you can't wear it long enough to enjoy the experience.

Title: great buy
Comment: works great            great price

Title: Great product great price
Comment: It works properly at a good price

Title: Oculus go
Comment: Very hard to set up. Two days on the phone with customer support in Spain.but after that it is a nice little unit

Title: Worked great
Comment: Worked great

Title: very entertaining
Comment: Lots of fun

Title: great experience
Comment: Great VR, would recommend

Title: Awesome sauce
Comment: Even better than the description. I think it’s an excellent value for the cross

Title: Great product
Comment: Great experience only downside is lasts 2 hrs on a charge and overheats easily

Title: change the way you look at tv
Comment: it change my life the way I look at tv now

Title: Great fun!
Comment: Works well! Great experience!

Title: Love it
Comment: Thank you, it arrives to Mexico in perfect condition!

Title: Over priced for a item than has been on the market for months now
Comment: It is awkward and heavy  a bit blurry as well - plus over priced

Title: good product
Comment: good product

Title: Great
Comment: Love it. Fun

Title: I can' t use it.
Comment: I couldn't pair the device because there was another account logged in to it. After doing a factory reset the headset won't power on and I can't pair it.

Title: Great product
Comment: Very fun product

Title: Oculus Go
Comment: Everything  worked as promised.

Title: One is not enough
Comment: The entire family love it, One is not enough for a family of four.

Title: Oculus
Comment: Brand new received it in record time

Title: Thankful
Comment: My son loves his VR thanks again

Title: Work item
Comment: Need item for work  excited to use it and glad to have it. Thank you!

Title: A Great Device for Entertainment
Comment: Worked from the start. The instructions for setup and go were precise. This is a terrific entertainment device.

Title: VR on the go
Comment: Nice game

Title: as advertized
Comment: great

Title: Just as intended
Comment: Appriciate it man, very responsive. A+

Title: Oculus
Comment: He is a really fast responder and he’s reliable

Title: Good product
Comment: Pretty gift on these trying times

Title: My purchase
Comment: I’m happy with everything

Title: Wonderful device
Comment: A wonderful gateway to vr

Title: It's nice
Comment: It's something fun to do..

Title: Enjoyed it a lot
Comment: While it lasted

Title: Great purchase
Comment: A+++

Title: Easy setup
Comment: Great VR goggles

Title: Recommend.
Comment: This is a cool item. Thanks!

Title: small battery life
Comment: The battery only lasts for 2 hours so pretty weak.

Title: Out of this world
Comment: It's an amazing experience

Title: Amazing
Comment: This is breakthrough!!!

Title: i need a new remote
Comment: the remote doesn,t work most of the time.

Title: Defective
Comment: Not worth the cost

Title: Excellent
Comment: Excellent product

Title: Tecnologías
Comment: Lo recomiendo de buen calidad..

Title: Awesome
Comment: Awesome

Title: Vr
Comment: So much fun!

Title: Love
Comment: Love love love

Title: great Oculus product
Comment: great!

