Title: This is a fantastic headset and a great deal. This is a $640 value for only $400, and the signs of use are very minimal. Icing on the cake, it shipped
Comment: This is a fantastic headset and a great deal. This is a $640 value for only $400, and the signs of use are very minimal. Icing on the cake, it shipped a day early! I am very happy with my first VR headset. Thanks!Read full review...

Title: Headset has a single dead pixel but work...
Comment: Headset has a single dead pixel but works great and is easy to ignore unless you’re looking for it!

Title: Pretty great VR headset, works well. I j...
Comment: Pretty great VR headset, works well. I just need to get my VR legs, the face padding can be a bit uncomfortable though

Title: The condition of the headset is quite good but it did have a wierd smoker/someone elses house smell witch was difficult to remove but if eventually wa
Comment: The condition of the headset is quite good but it did have a wierd smoker/someone elses house smell witch was difficult to remove but if eventually was removed.

Title: I was shocked when the package came much sooner than the claimed ETA. Everything worked out of the box and I'm really enjoying the headset overall. Th
Comment: I was shocked when the package came much sooner than the claimed ETA. Everything worked out of the box and I'm really enjoying the headset overall. Thank you for the inexpensive pricing!

Title: Arrived quickly with all included  accessories, properly factory reset, and has thus far functioned as advertised. Great shop!
Comment: Arrived quickly with all included  accessories, properly factory reset, and has thus far functioned as advertised. Great shop!

Title: Very Good quality. The lenses were undam...
Comment: Very Good quality. The lenses were undamaged with only minor wear to the controller and fabric headstrap. However, the headset was not factory reset.

Title: Great product, absolutely the best AR/VR...
Comment: Great product, absolutely the best AR/VR headset I've used in terms of convenience, comfort, and quality.

Title: Item came exactly as described. I wish they didn't use FedEx.
Comment: Item came exactly as described. I wish they didn't use FedEx.

Title: great features
Comment: no problem

Title: High Quality Product
Comment: Was a good upgrade from using the quest 2

Title: Still learning all the features, seems great
Comment: Still learning all the features, seems great

Title: New world
Comment: I bought it for my 10-year-old son. Now I am buying the same one for myself.

Title: Am happy with this purchase this far..Arrived and tested out fine
Comment: Am happy with this purchase this far..Arrived and tested out fine

Title: Best thing ive bought this year
Comment: Best thing ive bought this year

Title: Works great. A nice upgrade from the quest 2.
Comment: Works great. A nice upgrade from the quest 2.

Title: Headset works fine, but the fabric and s...
Comment: Headset works fine, but the fabric and some pieces have a lingering cigarette smell on them. Controller batteries were also dead.

Title: Good quality.
Comment: Good quality.

Title: An impressive upgrade from the previous model!
Comment: An impressive upgrade from the previous model!

Title: Awesome
Comment: My daughter hasn't stopped playing on it since she got it

Title: Works great. Happy to have it.
Comment: Works great. Happy to have it.

Title: It works. Left controller joystick got chewed up by something. Missing charger. Fair enough for the price.
Comment: It works. Left controller joystick got chewed up by something. Missing charger. Fair enough for the price.

Title: Exactly as described and works great.
Comment: Exactly as described and works great.

Title: Great product just took awhile to ship
Comment: Great product just took awhile to ship

Title: Very well package and Helpful!
Comment: Very well package and Helpful!

Title: The product arrive to locker
Comment: The product arrive to locker

Title: Was as exactly as described, would recommend.
Comment: Was as exactly as described, would recommend.

Title: Fast and clean!!
Comment: Fast and clean!!

Title: Everything was perfect !!
Comment: Everything was perfect !!

Title: right controller not working
Comment: right controller not working

Title: Good
Comment: Good

Title: Llegó a tiempo. Todo muy bien empacado. Y funciona muy bien. Gracias
Comment: Llegó a tiempo. Todo muy bien empacado. Y funciona muy bien. Gracias

