Title: Oculus vs Vive
Comment: The oculus has a few advantages over the vive and vice versa.  Pros for the oculus, it weighs considerably less and is much more comfortable to wear for long periods.  The eye adjustment also has a greater range.  Cons, the sensors need to be plugged into the PC and not just powered off an outlet, so plan on spending another $15 or so to get a USB 3.0 extension. Running all the audio and video over the HDMI cable is handy in the fact that it gets everything down to one cable, but it causes some driver issues, especially since you have to run the oculus app in the background to use it, even if using steam VR home.  Its a toss up between this and vive, both have pros and cons.Read full review...

Title: Good Item but ill side effects
Comment: The Oculus worked as it should however I could not play for more than 10 minutes at the time, I would get nauseated very fast.  I don't think that is Oculus issue, perhaps the user need to get some anti motion sickness tablets before playing games.Read full review...

Title: Much, much better compared to the Quest 2 for PCVR.
Comment: Backstory: my controllers on my Oculus Quest 2 (I’m not calling it meta, that name is garbage) began to suffer from stick drift after 2 years of rather calm and careful use. That kinda goes to show that the build quality of the headset matches the price. Normal fixes using tools at home like rubbing alcohol, compressed air, and toothpicks did to the trick for a little while, until August when the joysticks completely failed beyond repair. I went onto the Oculus website to check for the price of new controllers, and when I found them and looked that the price tag, I frowned. Why are these controllers being sold for 75 dollars per controller? This isn’t even just an issue with the quest 2, I have friends who still have a quest 1, and their controllers started drifting in less than a year. The total for a new left and right controller would have me forking over 150. That’s absurd! So I started doing my research and stumbled upon old videos of the Rift CV1. It peaked my curiosity because I remember seeing a video suggesting buying used CV1s for entry PCVR at a cheap price. So I looked at Amazon and found them for 300+ dollars! For a 6 year old USED headset, it should not be sold so expensive! I asked a friend what his experience with the CV1 was like and where he bought it from, he gave my his review and then directed me to eBay. After looking for a good deal with free shipping, I came across this gem of a deal. Once I got the money, I bought it as quickly as I could. One week later, it shows up and I instantly set it up. Since then, I’ve had nothing but fun with this baby. I could go on and on about why I prefer this to the Quest 2, but my biggest reasons are, comfort, visuals, performance, audio, tracking, and the fact that i hardly ever use the Q2 standalone anyway. The CV1 is COMFY. I cannot stress it enough. It’s so light and the soft interior feels nice on my nose, compared to the hard plastic inside the Q2 that got oily from my nose rather quickly. The foam facial interface also feels much nicer and less scratchy because the headset isn’t sliding down or around my face. The head strap design is both comfortable and aesthetically pleasing. These 6 year old OLED displays also hold up very well! The colors feel much more natural, screen door effect is minimal and easy to ignore (at least to me, your mileage may vary) and it has a slightly better FOV. The biggest benefit is that there is NO video compression because all the power isn’t being pushed through one cable! Finally, I can be immersed in the VR world without seeing weird pixels and artifacts. The IPD slider also works oh-so-well unlike the crappy 3 settings on Quest 2. Performance wise, this headset kills it! I found myself getting much more stable frame rates and more performance headroom than I did on Quest 2 w/link. Beat saber and Echo VR ran ultra smooth with the graphics being tuned relatively high, and i hardly notice any lag, stutter or tearing on this headset. And now onto audio. This has to be one of the BIGGEST improvements from the quest 2. Now, I’m no audiophile, but these sound way better than the built in audio of the Quest. Even with the Bionik Mantis clip-on earphones that I’ve been using for about a year, these built in headphones come out on top. The Mantis sound empty and harsh compared to these, and it does kinda make sense why my ears hurt when listening to higher pitched music/audio. Since I got it, I haven’t cranked the volume higher than the default config, which is around 50. Last but not least, tracking. Until I get an extension cord for my second sensor, i can only really play facing my desk, which is no big deal, but sort of a downer at the moment. The tracking itself though is another major step-up from the Quest 2. It feels so smooth that I’m not used to it, and I miss a few more notes than usual in beat saber because it isn’t as choppy and doesn’t feel forced (it kinda feels like it’s trying to guess where my hand is gonna go, resulting in a movement that feels faster than my real life movement) like the inside out tracking does. In conclusion, this headset is hecking awesome, thank you guys so much for shipping it in great condition, and thank you for allowing me to enjoy PCVR even more at an affordable price!Read full review...

Title: Comfortable, TONS of fun, relatively easy to use
Comment: Product arrived in great shape, save for the HDMI cord being a tiny bit finicky. For the used price, it's the most reasonable way to enter the VR market. Setup was a breeze. Games are a blast :)

Title: BEST VR SETUp
Comment: So if you’re anything like me, you do extensive research and comparisons, forum readin and YouTube watching to make sure you get WHAT YOU WANT. I’ll list out the best things for the Oculus and the competitor (vive)Oculus: much much more transportable, less wire management, everything plugs directly into your computer. Software integration is seriously on a different level with the oculus store having its own games and intuitive features. Controllers fit very nicely in your hand but unfortunately the vibration Functions for them don’t turn off, be prepared to buy rechargeable 18650 batteries. The 2 sensors included can do 360 tracking, but I highly recommend getting a 3rd sensor for more intense games like “contractors vr” Try and imagine this as the “iPhone” of VR setups.Now the ViveThe vice HANDS DOWN has better tracking software, wider and bigger sensors obviously mean better tracking. Controllers have a weight to add to the immersion of you holding a gun or sword or something, plus the controllers have rechargeable  batteries already inside them so all you have to do is buy a dock or use MIcro USB, I personally don’t like this feature because if you have guests or friends over and the controller batteries are dead / dying, have fun waiting to recharge them unlike the oculus where you open the cover and swap them out. The vive also has much more superior build quality, both headsets weigh the same but the vive.. it just feels right and sturdy when you hold it and put it on your head. It also doesn’t have the black panels on the side of your FOV like the oculus does, so when you’re in game it truly feels like you’re more inside the game. The lens on the vive are designed to combat fog and sweat much better than the oculus, at the expense ofSo to summarize it: buy the oculus for versatility, portability, ease of use, intuitive controller design, and excellent software integration, with the 3rd sensor 360 tracking is fluid and beautiful, make sure to pick up ceiling or wall mounts (2x wall mounts for $10, guy laser prints them really well. Bought a set myself) and you’ll be really happy at how the sensors pick you up.Buy the vive if you plan on never moving it, but be prepared to spend decent amounts of money for extra sensors, which also takes up space on the connector box (which you would have to buy a splitter for more USB port), basically be ready to go through more of a hassle with the vive, with the rewards being better tracking, less foggy lens, sturdier build quality. Aka the android of the VR devices.A MUST for these two are a ceiling wire harness, $25 and it allows you to move around the room without worrying about busting your ass over the wire. Highly recommend gettin that.Read full review...

Title: Amazing!
Comment: If you have never tried VR before you are missing out! The Oculus is worth every penny. It is light and comfortable to wear for long periods of time. There is plenty of free games and content to enjoy. It is pretty easy to set up and once set up is a breeze to jump in and play. The quality is great and the experience is very immersive. Hands down best piece of technology I have purchased.Read full review...

Title: Not to old for new ideas
Comment: I'm an older person not so much into games, but I kept seeing the commercials for the Oculus Go on TV and got interested in it, instead of the Go I thought I would look into the next level up the Oculus Rift, so often I would buy something and then later what the next best thing. So I save some money by getting the Rift.I have a Dell Optiplex 790 which has a I7 processor and 8 Gigs of memory, the onboard graphics will not run the Rift so I had to upgrade to a separate video card for HDMI output I purchased the minimum required card. But if you really want to get sick fast try one of the high speed roller coasters , or jump out of a airplane and skydive, try swimming with the sharks, all included in software apps for free. Some people say they don't like the screen door effect of the display (you can see the individual pixels) but when you start getting involved with what you are looking at 10 seconds later you don't see it anymore. looking at something flying at your head makes you flinch. Get all of it controllers and tracking sensors. I love it.Read full review...

Title: Living in Virtual Reality
Comment: Last year when I bought an Htc Vive unit, it was rated superior to the Rift.  Now with the addition of their second sensor and their truly outstanding hand controllers ; the Rift is now equal to or better than the Vive.  The apps from the Rift site appear to be more finished and polished than a lot of those available for the Vive from the Steam site.  All in all, a great buy on an outstanding piece of equipment.Read full review...

Title: Awesome Product
Comment: It is very realistic, first time I used it I fell on face cause i tried leaning on counter in game.

Title: Excellent value, tons of fun
Comment: Very good experience, took a while to set up but I have had a lot of fun with it. If you have a fast computer and graphics card, get one, or maybe two so that your friend can play at the same time. Oculus fits better and is lighter than the Vive but I really love the controllers on the Rift, so much better than the Vive controllers. The best arrangement in my opinion would be the Vive headset and the rift controllers.Read full review...

Title: Of Bloody Knuckles & Cool Tech
Comment: It's a weird but amazing thing being transported away to another place by putting a sweaty thing on your head, but it's also a little disconcerting. My very first VR experience ended in bloody knuckles. What can I say? That cannibal was trying to kill & eat me! (I played "The Forest"). I loved it, but you need to relax a bit if you use one of these, because trying to move through solid objects is a 100% negative experience. Therefore it's 5 stars for the Oculus Rift, and 0 stars for bodily pain and injury.Read full review...

Title: Great Quality Overall
Comment: Package arrived early and was in great condition. Oculus and 3rd sensor were in immaculate condition, like it’s never been used or anything basically. System works perfectly, lenses are scratch free,and touch controllers have zero wear. Everything works as expected and with the additional sensor, even better than expected. Finally, everything came in original packaging, even had the original lense cleaning rag and oculus stickers still inside. would definitely recommend to others looking for an older model VR system. Would post pictures but the CV1 is currently being usedRead full review...

Title: Amazing and still has potential
Comment: Love my new oculus. I had such an amazing feeling that I can’t describe when I played the opening game. This is the type of innovation I’ve been waiting for in video games. Feels crisp and immersive.Just find the right games and you’ll be loving every second of it.Read full review...

Title: Amazing experience!
Comment: The Oculus Rift blows my mind! There is so much you can do with it from just surfing the web and making your monitors movie theater sized, to working out playing some intense games like BeatSaber. Mine is the tiniest bit blurry when it comes to reading small text and it could be a problem that I can fix I am not sure. But to me that isnt even a big deal because of how amazing this performs. Many of the games in VR are a bit expensive between 30 to 60 for most so keep that in mind when budgeting for this. (I wouldnt recommend Skyrim VR, 60 dollars a game that came out in 2011 and the controls to me are unplayable) I would very much recommend the Oculus Rift!!!!Read full review...

Title: Cheap entry in VR
Comment: Shipped fast, well packaged, and works as intended.  For an cheap entry in to VR, this is a good way to go.  (just don't buy your games from the Oculus app, get them on steam or elsewhere as Oculus will make you buy a new game for each model you buy, but if you buy on steam they work on any almost  VR device, even after you upgrade)Read full review...

Title: Great quality
Comment: While it is an older CV1, it works perfectly and was shipped in a timely manner. The only problem I had was with USPS because they open the box and resealed it horribly and there was a bit of damage to the box used for shipping. Already having lots of fun with only a couple of games. Can't wait to get more.Read full review...

Title: Fantastic! All I have to say! Great as my first major vr headset.
Comment: This was more than I could have asked for it was in fantastic condition and for my first major vr headset it is amazing! The touch controllers are so good its not even funny, the finger tracking is great!Read full review...

Title: Works like new
Comment: When i got it, it looked a tad bit messy, after cleaning it up a bit, it was worked like new. Sensors, controllers and the headset all worked great.

Title: Incredible Immersion
Comment: After playing Robo Recall, I couldn't help but think, "why would I play console or PC games any other way from here on out." I have tried many other experiences and games since then and most still have the same effect on me. I wear glasses and the experience is still quite comfortable. The one thing I wish is that we could lose all the cables -- both the cables to the sensors and especially the cable to the headset.Read full review...

Title: Easy to set up, fun, and a good timewaster.
Comment: works great and was extremely easy to set up. I was quite impressed with the initial ease and the guidance through setting up the headset. I thougherly enjoyed the rift and am glad I chose to buy it.

Title: awesome bro.
Comment: great item, controller bugged with moving to the right on left controller but thats all. otherwise its a great product for a great price. thnx also got it super early.

Title: Lots of fun
Comment: As soon as I got it I thought I thought I overhyped myself for getting an oculus but it filled my expectations. It is really good fun and I’m kind of lucky I came across one that was in decent condition for a fair price.Read full review...

Title: Great all around
Comment: The CV1 is in perfect condition and it really has no flaws, besides one, but I don't really seem affected to hard by it. The triggers love repeatedly registering moves up and down, while stationary. It is sort of annoying, but nothing I will get too bothered by, otherwise this headset was amazing!Read full review...

Title: Very good quality.
Comment: It looked brand new when it arrived. Works great and was everything I hoped for.

Title: Great Product
Comment: Item described perfectly. Easy to use, works great. Thank you

Title: Awesome product.
Comment: I bought this for my 12 year old son. He is hard to impress. I didn't know what to expect. The Oculus is amazing. It's hard to explain VR to someone unless you experience it for yourself. We were bothblown away and would recommend. He can't wait to show his friends.Read full review...

Title: Great place to start
Comment: If you have a decent gaming system and want to dip your toes into VR the oculus rift cv1 is a great starting point. Fun for all and plenty immersive to scratch the itch. For videophiles, NO, pixels are visible, and “god rays” are always there. A good product for sub $300Read full review...

Title: Lots of fun
Comment: Even my wife who was skeptical of getting dumb tech-y stuff like VR has had a blast and said, “I don’t remember the last time I was bubbling over with joy like this. I feel like a little kid.”

Title: Came in great condition
Comment: Product is very fun to use, loses a star because of how easily the view blurs and how often one needs to readjust it on their head. I appreciate the inclusion of two usb extension cords, now I can doroom-scale vr.Read full review...

Title: AWESOME!!!!
Comment: This is AWESOME! I've messed around with the Occulus Gear and thought, well it's okay.....I guess. The RIFT is a completely different beast! Steam & the Occulus store also have an abundant amount of games. I would definitely recommend this.Read full review...

Title: Awesome
Comment: Great experience worth buying really worth the money. Headset is comfortable but did needed to adjust it couple times. Hand Tracking is good took while get used to. Amazing color in vr world.

Title: Still had some of the original protective coverings on it
Comment: No issues with this hardware, works great with no issues except the ones I cause. (Like trying to feed 3 sensors into a laptop power supply) still though, I was amazed how fast this got to me and I'mglad it works better than I expected.Read full review...

Title: A must have for all gamers
Comment: this totally immerses you into the game so much so that you will literally jump out of your skin when a zombie (actually my mum) grabs you. It's the most incredible feeling to be inside of the game your playing. I feel like I've done a workout after several hours of running from and chasing zombies. A must have for all gamersRead full review...

Title: Pretty good around
Comment: It came quick in the mail and function perfectly and looks brand new

Title: Great headset
Comment: Very good headset, especially for when it was made. It is still very capable today. One thing that is not great is the foam touching your face. I needed to get aftermarket foam to make it more comfortable.Read full review...

Title: Great value
Comment: Great headset especially for the price right now. The vive (I have one also) I better in some respects (usb, tracking, longer comfort) but the rift wins on immediate comfort and game perf.

Title: Favorite purchase of the year :-)
Comment: I am absolutely loving VR gaming! This headset is wonderful and the controllers make things work so smooth. I am so glad I broke down and finally got a VR headset.

Title: Came sooner than expected
Comment: Came in one piece, the case was nice, and everything worked great right out of the box. Thanks a whole bunch!!!

Title: Lots of fun
Comment: First real experience with VR and so far it’s great. Setup is a little tricky without a dedicated area in the house for it, but it works. Glad I finally took the plunge.

Title: Grandkids love the product!
Comment: So far everything is great.  The Grandkids love it and fight over who uses it next (along with the grown ups).  Thanks for such a good product.

Title: very happy with the Oculus CV-1
Comment: great condition, works flawlessly.  I love using it on VRChat. :)

Title: Better than I expected, and I had high expectations!
Comment: This headset is awesome and right now, for sure the best deal! If you're looking for a headset that doesn't cost $500, this is probably the one

Title: Arrived quickly and very helpful
Comment: Order arrived quickly and works perfectly fine. If you are buying one I would recommend ordering a PCI 3.0 usb extension for your computer. Oculus tends to not work on older model motherboards such asmine.Read full review...

Title: The Oculus Rift will transport you to a another world.
Comment: The Oculus Rift is an amazing Virtual Reality experience.  Setup is easy and straight forward.  I liked it so much that I am recommending it to my friends and family.

Title: Great value, awesome piece of kit.
Comment: This was a great buy.  While showing signs of use, everything included works and my kids are having a blast with this.

Title: Oh wow..... this is incredible
Comment: Youtube 2-d Videos of VR didn’t do it justice at all, I thought it would be grainy and jerky but even with a gtx 960 2gb card it works well!!  So excited for this, the refurbished kit was a good decision, saved a bunch of money and it feels new.Read full review...

Title: Good Item but ill side effects
Comment: The Oculus worked as it should however I could not play for more than 10 minutes at the time, I would get nauseated very fast.  I don't think that is Oculus issue, perhaps the user need to get some anti motion sickness tablets before playing games.Read full review...

Title: Happy with purchase
Comment: I bought this for my grandson for Christmas he has had it for a while now. He uses it every day it was money well spent.

Title: Best purchase of my life!
Comment: Let's just say this VR headset came in mint condition, and works really well! I am very satisfied with this product.

Title: Fun online VR
Comment: We bought this for my son as a Christmas gift, he really likes it. The issue that we had is that the left headphone stopped working after we connected the device. This should not occur on a new device, other than that the device works great and he enjoys playing online with friends.Read full review...

Title: Works as expected, with mild defects
Comment: The headset took some fanaggling as first with drivers to work, but once it's set up, it works fine. However, for whatever reason, the built-in earpieces on the headset aren't working, and the rubberycovering on one of the controller's joystick keeps falling off. Aside from those, the Oculus Rift headset works fine.Read full review...

Title: Fast and exactly as expected!
Comment: Myself and two other friends all bought Rifts at the same time and I managed to get mine 3 days before one and just about a week before another. The rift was exactly as pictured and functions flawlessly.Read full review...

Title: good value
Comment: Tracks great even came with aa batteries already in the touch controllers (though they didn't last all that long)  bought some rechargeables and life is good

Title: So good I got 2!
Comment: Better than the DK2, everything seems to be made of quality materials. I love my new VR set!

Title: Best thing ever
Comment: Been using it for a week or so best money I've ever spent for vr gaming. Every thing operates and works perfect.

Title: Works great!
Comment: This is exactly what we needed. It did not come with a stand so I would definitely recommend looking into purchasing one of those but my son rigged something up so he could still use it.￼

Title: Next level gaming
Comment: Been gaming since atari and this was the only thing in a while that blew me away. 4k gaming on my TitanXp is amazing in HDR, this left me speechless....

Title: Don’t waste your money on a vive.
Comment: Purchased a vive and hated it. Decided to try the oculus and love it!!!The more expensive product is not always the best. If you want VR, you want an oculus.

Title: Great virtual experience
Comment: I love space combat and getting in cockpit with the rift is as real as it gets. Plenty of other games and content that brings your experience alive.

Title: Good
Comment: Only thing is the hdmi is kinda not working but I seen that it's a problem for a lot of people but besides it all I love it

Title: Great product, well worth the money
Comment: This is a well made product, extremely quick setup and satisfying gameplay experience. Get rechargable batteries ahead of time for the controllers, and enjoy.

Title: Unbelievable value VR HD system
Comment: Exceptionally good value for money. Amazing technology at a very reasonable price, will not fail to blow your mind, whatever age you are. Just be sure that your PC meets the minimum specifications bydownloading the Steam VR app for testing your system.Read full review...

Title: Good Item
Comment: Everything works perfectly for me, no issues whatsoever. Installation was easy, just needed to download the software, and after maybe 15 minutes I was good to go.

Title: Came fast works like it should!
Comment: I'm not giving it a perfect score because of some minor cosmetic flaws, which were due to use, but other than that I'm very satisfied with my purchase. P.S. think of my rating as a 4.75 star

Title: Sold me a broken product and when I told them they just ignored my messages
Comment: I bought a vr for almost $300 and they gave me a broken one. It’s internally broken so the audio doesn’t work at all no matter what setting you have and now I have to use headphone with the headset. Don’t buy from them they will just rip you off and not help you.Read full review...

Title: They work great
Comment: It's the first gen vr. So has screen door effect but it's room scale which means you can move around a lot.

Title: Good quality. Expensive price. It was worth it in my opinion.
Comment: Good quality. Expensive price. It was worth it in my opinion.

Title: Got mine for a friend
Comment: He loves this thing cheapest price ever paid for an HMD, I would say it rivals the quest 2 in some ways!!

Title: Good hardware bad software
Comment: Hardware is great, but I am taking 2 stars off for buggy software that has numerous known problems with installation, including need for weird workarounds to install it on dynamic disk.

Title: Decent headset for cheap
Comment: Cv1 is outdated but still worth getting as it seems to have less issues than the other models of Rift and Quest, but it does have some issues here and there. Good value for cheaper than msrp, but better to save for better headsets.6Read full review...

Title: fits comfortable
Comment: thank you very much,son loves it. great gift for christmas.

Title: Worth the investment because it's so much more than a gaming system.
Comment: Brings your gaming experience to a whole new level. Play ping pong, tennis, or mini golf  in your living room, or mow down hordes of zombies and then take out the trash. Work up a sweat boxing or takecommand of the Starship Enterprise. Seriously, VR is that good already and the Oculus is the best deal going right now.Read full review...

Title: Love it
Comment: There’s a newer model out now but if you don’t mind setting up the sensors this is still a blast and a good value.

Title: Exactly what I needed!
Comment: It's exactly what I wanted, a lovely way to get into PC VR

Title: Great features
Comment: Love it

Title: Decent purchase.
Comment: For a used headset everything worked properly and it was fairly clean. There was one remote controller, not for the hand the one to reset your view that is missing.

Title: Good decision but unknown deficiency
Comment: I reviewed the Oculus after getting it in the mail and found a scrape on each lense. It hasn't change anything to my knowledge but would have like to know it was scratched.

Title: Son loves it
Comment: Received this quickly and my son and his friends are enjoying it.

Title: Came in expected condition
Comment: This used rift s works perfectly! Its everything I expected it to be. Thanks!!

Title: Amazing VR at great price. Really happy with my purchase.
Comment: This device is pretty cool. Am really enjoying it.

Title: Better than expected!
Comment: Very nice vr, I  did research after buying the oculus rift only to find out it's pretty much the best vr unit on the market. Lucky me,  it is like new and works perfectly. Thank you!

Title: Great device still in 2020
Comment: Great device, even now in 2020 all games appear to be compatible without an issue.Excelent device for VR  beginners

Title: Good Price and Barely used
Comment: It was Just as described but even better kept up than i thought. so thank u

Title: Great VR Device
Comment: great product for the price, no issues but make sure your computer is ready for the hardware

Title: my two cents
Comment: pros ,,, its works great on rpg's and flight sim's ,,, they need to work on graphics and those dam cables.

Title: Fantastic system!
Comment: Fantastic system, great price at $200 - I haven't been excited about a toy since Christmas in 91 when I got my SNES - EXCELLENT SYSTEM!

Title: I recommend
Comment: Honestly love this didn’t get scammed came out new

Title: Oculus Rift-S
Comment: This is the coolest thing ever!  God a good workout while gaming. Love it!!

Title: Great quality
Comment: The earpieces are in great condition. I’m so glad to have acquired a pair in such nice shape . Looking forward to getting these installed

Title: I recommend the RIFT
Comment: Best VR system out there - supports all platforms and easy to set-up.

Title: Best device ever
Comment: I literally love this thing

Title: Rift S PC
Comment: Good unit, but on occasion no power unless cable connects are firmly in place

Title: Oculus Cv1 Set
Comment: Few nicks on sensors but everything works great!

Title: Oculus Rift used
Comment: In great condition. Works perfect

Title: Vr headset
Comment: Got it quicker than I thought it would. The product works great I have no issues with it.

Title: Oculus rift
Comment: WOW....what a great place.to buy from...got it 7 days before it was supposed to get it...thanks

Title: Best deal
Comment: Thanks for the deal ! Works perfectly still struggling to set up and got it all fixed 👍

Title: Great gift
Comment: Bought the oculus for Christmas present to my son, he loves it has been playing everyday

Title: The Best
Comment: Thank you very much. This is honestly the best VR headset I've ever purchased, so happy it was in that particular box.

Title: Great
Comment: Be only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because do you left side of the headset Turns on and off

Title: How it works
Comment: Curious about how it works. The Infrared constellations are tracked by stereoscopic cameras (sensors)

